Tick one or more of the following statements, which properly describes the scientific method, originated in the 17th century by scientists like Galileo, Newton, and others.|The method consists of observing a natural phenomenon under study, postulating a theory that explains it, and devising carefully chosen experiments to confirm or disprove the theory.
What is a null hypothesis? Tick the correct answer.|Hypothesis framed in a negative form, which researchers try to reject to confirm a theory.
A scientific theory... (tick one)|Is valid until further findings disprove it.
Deduction vs. induction. Tick the correct statements:|Deductive inferences can be used to generate predictions from a given theory.$In deductive inference, the consequences are guaranteed to be true if premises are true.$Modus ponens is a typical deductive inference rule.
Consider the following statements: All beans in the bag are white These beans are from the bag These beans are white Which of the following statements about inferences are correct?|The inference rule a ∧ b ⊢ c is a deduction and leads to a necessary conclusion.
Soundness vs. completeness of a theory of a certain phenomenon. Tick the correct statements.|A theory for a given phenomenon is complete if it predicts all the possible manifestations.$Ideally, a theory should be both sound and complete.$A theory for a given phenomenon is sound if all its predictions are possible manifestations of the phenomenon.
Consider an algorithm that is supposed to find all possible occurrences in a text of person's names. We are aware of the difficulty of the problem, and we expect the algorithm to provide an approximate solution. In some cases, understanding whether a word represents a person's name may in fact require deep semantic understanding of the text. Being an approximation, the algorithm may provide false positives and false negatives. Which of the following statements are correct?|The algorithm finds a name that is not a person's name. This is a false positive.$The algorithm does not find the occurrence of certain person's names. This is a false positive.$The algorithm may find a name that is not a person's name and may fail to find the occurrence of certain person's names. In this case the algorithm can generate both false positives and false negatives.
Consider the following statements about precision and recall of an algorithm. Which are correct?|If we are given two approximate algorithms for the same problem, they can they differ in precision and recall.$Precision and recall are equal to one for algorithms computing exact solutions.$Precision is less than one for algorithms that compute false positives.$Recall is less than one for algorithms that produce false negatives.
Consider the following statements about case studies in research. Tick the pertinent answers.|Threat analysis should be applied to assess internal and external validity of the conclusions drawn from a case study.$A case study may concern the use of a proposed new artifact or method in a given context to validate its usability in a practical setting.
