A junior researcher, after the PhD and a short period as a post-doc, applies for junior tenure-track position in an academic institution. Reference letters are asked to external experts. Tick the items in the following list which are expected to be in a reference letter.|Comments on the applicant's presentation skills based on personal experience (e.g., having heard the candidate present in a conference or in a seminar).$Comparison of scientific achievements of the candidate with top individuals in the same field with similar seniority.$A justified opinion about the candidate's potential to become a research leader in his/her area.$In the case where the expert is an editor of a journal and the candidate acted as a peer reviewer, comments on how accurate and helpful the reviews were.
Consider the case where a researcher applies for promotion from a non-permanent to a permanent academic position. The following statements refer to reference letters asked to external experts to support the promotion case. Tick the pertinent statements.|Reference letter should contain an assessment of the candidate's proven skills as a supervisor and mentor of younger researchers.$The applicant can suggest names of potential external reviewers and should select well known and respected scientists who are familiar with his work and who are likely to express a positive opinion.
Which of the following statements on paper citations are valid? Tick them.|A paper which did not receive citations, or only received a few, ten years after publication is likely to have very low significance. This, however, has to be confirmed by further scrutiny.$The sole number of citations received by a paper does not offer any ground for judgement about its quality.
Which of the following statements on Impact Factor (IF) are valid? Tick them.|IF is an aggregate bibliometric indicator which is ultimately based the citations of papers published in a journal or conference.
Which of the following statements on H-index are valid? Tick them.|H-index is a bibliometric indicator that applies to researchers.$H-index for a researcher X is defined as the median value h of citations received by all published papers by the researcher in the past ten years.
Which of the following statements on quantitative evaluation via bibliometrics are valid? Tick them.|Bibliometric indicators can be used to inform evaluation, but should never be a substitute for personal, detailed, and rigorous judgement by experts.
